Dear Princess Artemis: Coworkers.

Today I learned how to bond in the company of my coworkers!

I wrote about friends. (last time I reported back to you about how the Mythix Mobility was doing. I've got so many nice coworkers now! Do you wanna know some cool things about them? Who am I kidding, of course you do!) Did you know that Hippogriff likes the number 20? (And I can’t believe I haven’t mentioned this before but!) Did you know that My Favorite Number is the number 2206179996120838? (When I was talking to Hippogriff, he told me about something that every beast does together a lot. There’s this really fun song that they all like to sing using their favorite numbers! I’ll talk more about it later. Unfortunately I kept forgetting the song, but luckily at the end of the week) I remembered how to sing my coworker's drinking song using Hippogriff!
I wrote about friends. (but I can’t stop there! The firm has a couple other fantastic beasts on the staff! We’ve got Pegasus, and) Did you know that Pegasus's Favorite Number is the number -143653332597991? (Pegasus loves negative numbers, which does make it very hard to sing the drinking song with him, however still I remembered how to sing my coworker’s drinking song using Pegasus’s Favorite Number. Hippogriff also likes negative numbers too!) Did you know that Hippogriff's Favorite Number is the number -1686669083925736? (Finally, saving the best of my new friends for last, I wanted to tell you about Sphinx! She’s a little on the weirder side, but she’s still pretty nice. Doesn’t always take things as seriously as she should but it's ok!. I was talking to her and I also found out her number) Did you know that Sphinx's Favorite Number is the number -143641921561866?
P.S. While you can only have one Favorite Number, some of my coworkers like more than one number! Did you know that Pegasus also likes Sphinx's Favorite Number plus 1003412551068?
P.P.S. Did you know that we talk about numbers a lot at work?

I wrote about friends. (last paragraph I told you about all the cool numbers every beast likes, but get this… they can’t seem to keep their minds straight on what numbers they like!!) Sphinx's Favorite Number is now Sphinx's Favorite Number minus Pegasus's Favorite Number. (Which sounds so weird to me! Why would you subtract a negative number?? Why not just add a positive number! Also, imo, Pegasus’s number was kinda weak.) Hippogriff's Favorite Number is now Hippogriff's Favorite Number plus My Favorite Number. Pegasus's Favorite Number is now Pegasus's Favorite Number plus Hippogriff's Favorite Number divided by 2. (All of this moving around sounded so wrong to me but I didn’t want to be left out, so Did you know that My Favorite Number is now Pegasus’s Favorite Number plus My Favorite Number multiplied by 2? I thought this was good but alas I needed to go further) My Favorite Number is now My Favorite Number plus Pegasus's Favorite Number. (yet somehow this still wasn’t enough arithmetic for me to be cool, which I think is a little hypocritical considering how simple certain other people’s number changes were. Alas they wanted me to half my number so) My Favorite Number becomes My Favorite Number divided by 2. I said "that since I was hanging out with Hippogriff so much today I needed to branch out to my other coworkers! So I went and talked to Sphinx about her favorite numbers".
(I remembered how to sing my coworker's drinking song using Sphinx's Favorite Number.) I said My Favorite Number plus Pegasus's Favorite Number plus Hippogriff's Favorite Number plus Sphinx's Favorite Number!

I said "I thought it was so interesting that every beast seems to love singing about ciders! I really wanted to join in but Pegasus said that My Favorite Number was too big so I needed a new one before they'd sing with me.... ". My favorite Number is now 16! P.P.P.S. Lemme tell you how excited I was when I was told that I could sing with 16!!!!! Now all I needed to do was sing, It took a bit, however :/
I remembered how to sing my coworker's drinking song using My Favorite Number! (And it was so much fun! I really think we all bonded over all of our loves of numbers and cider)

That's all about how to bond in the company of my coworkers!

I learned about friends to get friendship. Did you know that friendship is the word "magic". (actually that’s a lie, I just thought it would be funny to say that "Friendship is Magic", but actually all you have to do is talk to your coworkers to learn about their interests!) Then you get friendship! That's all about about friends!

I learned how to sing my coworker's drinking song using ciders. (every beast really likes their ciders) As long as ciders were more than 1. I sang ciders" jugs of cider on the wall, "ciders" jugs of cider,". There was one less ciders. When ciders had more than 1, I sang "Take one down and pass it around, "ciders" jugs of cider on the wall."! Otherwise, I sang "Take one down and pass it around, 1 jug of cider on the wall."! That's what I would do, That's what I did. I sang "1 jug of cider on the wall, 1 jug of cider. Take it down and pass it around, no more jugs of cider on the wall. No more jugs of cider on the wall, no more jugs of cider. Go to the cellar, get some more, 99 jugs of cider on the wall.". That's all about how to sing my coworker's drinking song!

Your faithful student, Griffin Cipherclaw.

P.P.P.P.S. There's a cool hidden number in this letter if you can find it Princess! Can't wait to visit you again in capital of Mytherra. I love every beast at this company, Friendship truly is magic :3